Phew! Helter swelter!
That's what they say in Osaka when a heat wave hits.
Jeez, it's hot.
Why's he got us out here on the mountain at the back?
If he's looking for a pool, there's one at the main campus.
But that's not in this direction, is it?
No.
Hey, Nagisa-kun,
I hear you really knocked 'em dead the other day.
I sure wish I could've seen that assassination of yours.
It might have worked against a human,
but in our classroom, that doesn't mean a thing.
Day in and day out, we try everything we can think of,
but we still haven't found a surefire way to assassinate our teacher.
All right, we're here!
Behold!
A pool I made specially for the E Class!
Woohoo!
Then our teacher does stuff like this, which makes him pretty hard to kill!
It's fun, but a little depressing.
I'm a terrible swimmer,
and this suit leaves nothing to the imagination.
Don't worry, Kayano.
I'm sure there's someone out there who appreciates you for what you are.
You know, Okajima-kun, the nice-guy routine and pervy camera don't really go hand-in-hand.
Nagisa... You...
You're a boy!
You just noticed?!
Can you blame us?
Kimura-kun! No running at the poolside!
You could trip and hurt yourself!
Oh, s-sorry.
Hara-san, Nakamura-san!
Watch the breath-holding!
If you stay under too long, how will we know you haven't drowned?
Okajima-kun, I'm confiscating that camera!
Hazama-san, don't just read all day! Swim!
Wh-What a fusspot.
I've heard of these.
You know, people who act like royalty in their own domain.
Yeah... It sorta puts a damper on all our gratitude.
My elaborate plan makes the most of the natural surroundings, from the scenery to the design.
It must be enjoyed in an orderly fashion!
Korosensei's Weak Point #22:
Super-strict about pool rules
Aw, don't be such a stick-in-the-mud, Korosensei!
Have a splash!
What was that scream?
Karma-kun! Stop that!
I'll fall in!
I'm going to fall! Do you hear me?!
I'll fall in! Please!
Korosensei... Don't tell me...
Oh, I just don't feel like swimming. That's all.
It's not like my tentacles get too swollen for me to move or anything.
He...
Korosensei's Weak Point #23:
Can't swim He can't swim!
This might be his most promising weak point yet!
But what's with that kickboard of yours?
I was sure you were gonna swim.
This is not a kickboard!
It is a wafer!
That's a snack?!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode Vision Time
Whaddaya mean, you're glad your grades went up?!
You wanna say that one more time, Muramatsu?
I-I mean, this is the highest I've ever gotten.
Study Cram Study Cram Pre-Exam Slithery
Pre-Exam Slithery Study Cram Study Cram
Pre-Exam Slithery Pre-Exam Slithery
It's all thanks to that octopus's Pre-Exam Slithery Study Cram sessions—
Pre-Exam Slithery
You mean you actually did that Slithery Study shit?!
Well, uh...
Even after we three swore we wouldn't give him the time of day?
But there's a big difference between slithery and non-slithery—
Enough with the "slithery"!
You just played both sides till you got the grades you wanted. Damn traitor!
I don't like how everyone's fallin' for that octopus hook, line, and sinker.
It just don't sit well with me.
Are you serious, Korosensei?!
It's just like the real thing!
The hell are you doing, Yoshida?
Oh, uh, hey, Terasaka!
The two of us were talkin' motorcycles the other day,
since no one else in school is into 'em.
Not only am I a grown-up, I am also a man among men.
I've been known to dabble in this kind of hobby.
Plus, this baby can hit three hundred kilometers an hour.
What I wouldn't give to ride the real thing one day!
You kiddin'? It'd be faster just to pick it up and fly!
The hell, Terasaka? What was that for?!
You apologize right now!
Korosensei's not just a grown-up, he's a man among men! And you made him cry!
Yeah, what she said!
You guys are just buzzin' like a bunch of bugs...
Time for an extermination!
What is this?!
A bug bomb?
Terasaka-kun! Pranks are pranks, but this is going too—
Don't touch me, monster.
You're beyond creepy—and so are all of you,
getting' pulled into bein' all buddy-buddy with a monster!
What's got you so bothered, hmm?
If you don't like it, just kill him.
You're allowed to do that here, after all.
You tryin' to start somethin'?
Fine by me! From day one, you've been—
Now, now, Terasaka.
If you want to fight, actions speak louder than words.
Lemme go!
Buncha losers.
What's with him?
Does he have to stir things up?
A world in crisis, self-improvement in the name of assassination,
recovering from being left in the dust...
Honestly, I don't give a damn about any of it.
I just wanna take it easy and live each day as it comes.
And that's why... Well done.
Here's your 100,000-yen reward.
We got a lot of prep work done, thanks to you.
Now, these guys I don't mind.
That octopus has a good nose on him.
That's why we needed someone on the inside, like you,
to help us set the stage for Itona to really show his stuff.
Terasaka Ryouma, I understand all too well how you feel.
Just relax. Follow my plan to the letter,
and he'll be dead before you know it.
We'll put the E Class back to the way it was before he came.
You... You're weaker than that red-headed fellow,
even though you've got more raw energy and a better physique.
Do you know why I can tell?
There's no vision in your eyes.
No will or way or want to win.
The slow-witted cow who dimly chews the grass before it
is no match for the wolf with a cow-killing vision.
Why, you little... Now, now.
Tomorrow we act.
We're counting on you.
What's with all the crying over nothing?
No, no... These are my nostrils.
m 1183.5 483 l 1548 627 1629 384 1263 261
Nostrils I'm not crying. My nose is running.
These are my eyes.
m 192 259.5 l 585 267 579 501 225 519
Eyes What's the difference?!
I've been feeling a little off since yesterday.
Oh, Terasaka-kun!
I was worried you wouldn't come in today!
The spray can you let loose in the classroom yesterday
was like a cedar-pollen allergen that works only on him.
It dulls the senses of tentacled lifeforms.
Now that you've done that, reel him in.
Hey, octopus.
It's time we killed you for real.
Come to the pool after class.
After all, I hear water's your weakness.
You all come help!
I'll knock him smack into the water for you!
You haven't helped with anyone else's assassination, Terasaka.
And now you're ordering us around when it suits you?
You really think anyone's gonna jump at the chance to help you?
Like I give a damn either way.
Hell, I'd be happy to have the ten-billion-yen prize all to myself.
What's his deal?
I can't keep up!
Well, I'm not going.
Same.
Oh, let's all go!
Whoa, his snot's all hardened! We can't escape!
Terasaka-kun's all ready to assassinate me now!
This is the perfect chance for everyone to kill and make up!
First of all: you are gross!
Terasaka-kun!
Are you really going to kill him?
Well, geez, Nagisa.
'Course I am.
Then maybe you should tell everyone your plan of action.
Aw, shut it!
You weaklings, always cowerin' together!
It ain't like you got a vision for really killing him!
But I'm not like the rest of you.
I got a vision for killing him, all right. Easy as pie!
Terasaka-kun seemed confident enough in his plan,
but not in himself.
Even his words sounded like someone else's.
The disjointedness of it all was unsettling.
Yeah, there we go!
Everyone spread out in the pool, just like that!
Who does he think he is?
I have my doubts about this.
Do you even have what it takes to make another person swim?
Hey, Takebayashi, shut up and get in!
Terasaka's turned downright tyrannical.
Just like he was back in first and second year.
Ah, I see.
You'll knock me into the water and have everyone stab me, yes?
Then tell me: how do you plan to do so?
That pistol won't make me move a single step.
This is not a gun but a transmitter that will send us a signal.
Once everyone is standing by in the pool, pull the trigger to alert us.
You ready for this, monster?
Of course I am. My nose has even stopped running.
I've always hated you. Wanted more than anything for you to disappear.
Yes, I know.
After this assassination, we'll have a nice, long talk.
You think you can get cocky with me?
C'mon, Itona!
My students!
We're being swept away!
You'll have to jump in and save them, Korosensei.
No way... You never told me about this!
It's steep and rocky up ahead.
if they fall, they're done for!
In the time it takes him to be nice and save them,
his tentacles are absorbing more and more water.
Mucus can protect them from a little water.
That's right, Itona.
He can use mucus to solidify the water around him and tweak the permeation pressure.
But he's all out of mucus.
What the hell?
I... I didn't do anything!
It ain't like what he said.
I was supposed to get Itona over here and push him in!
Oh, I get it.
It wasn't your plan.
You were just being strung along.
Look, I'm tellin' ya, it's not my fault!
Blame the guy who put me up to it!
He's the reason everyone got taken for a ride!
You're the one who got taken for a ride.
If you've got time to go pointing fingers,
try using it to figure out what you want to do here.
Last one!
Long time no see, Korosensei.
What you've sucked up there is no ordinary water.
It contains a substance that dulls tentacle movement.
With Terasaka-kun's help, everything went swimmingly.
Itona-kun...
Come, brother.
A rematch to see who's stronger.
I thought I was strong.
I set my sights on the weak-looking ones and put them under my thumb.
That way I was sure to win.
But at this school, that didn't fly.
Hey, let's skip this next class and hit the convenience store!
No... I've got to prep for English next.
So skip once. What's the difference?
Whoa, a monkey threatening a human!
Huh?!
But at this school, that didn't fly.
Look, Terasaka-kun... No one does that here.
Old Campus Old Campus Old Campus
Old Campus Old Campus
Even the big, bad leader of the pack Old Campus
is a miserable weakling once he hits the E Class.
Your grades put you dead last, right?
I can't wait for the day when I get to hurl a few stones at you in E Class!
That's when I realized the cheap weapon I'd been using had absolutely no effect here.
In fact, it might never work again.
These guys working hard toward their vision of the future
would undoubtedly grow up to boss around directionless mooks like me.
I landed in the outcast E Class and figured I could skate by alongside my fellow goal-free students,
but I was wrong once again.
That monster showed up out of nowhere
and gave the class one huge-ass goal.
Left behind again, I wound up manipulated and used by some calculating schmuck with a plan.
Dammit!
He's fast, and he hits hard!
Much harder than before!
We reduced the number of tentacles, focusing power and speed in those remaining.
They're easy enough for a child to control.
Is this for real?
Did it really take that little water to neutralize him?
It ain't just the water.
Terasaka!
He can't go all-out 'cause he just got finished savin' you all.
See? Look above him there.
Whoa!
Token chubster Hara-san could fall at any second!
And to protect her and the others, Korosensei...
She's pretty heavy and fat, so this doesn't look good.
We've got to help her!
But how?!
Wait a second... Don't tell me they roped you into doing all this!
That's right.
Shortsighted guys like me with no vision and no goals
are doomed to be played by smart guys like them.
But you know... At least lemme pick who gets to pull my strings.
I've had it up to here with those jokers,
and I sure don't like the idea of 'em walkin' off with the prize.
So, Karma... Why don't you try controllin' me?
Gimme a strategy, fresh outta that shrewd noggin of yours!
I'll pull it off perfectly and save all of them!
Fine by me, but can you even handle one of my plans?
It might be the death of you.
Oh, I'll do it, all right.
I'm the perpetrator who gets results.
All right. Time for the killing blow, Itona.
Hey!
Terasaka-kun?
You tricked me good!
Don't get so upset.
All you did was get your classmates in trouble.
Perfect for a fellow who didn't fit into the E Class like you.
Shut up! I ain't gonna forgive you for what you did!
Itona! You and me, one on one!
Stop that, Terasaka-kun!
He's not someone you can win against!
Stay outta this, octopuff!
What a hero.
Shut him up, Itona.
Karma-kun!
It's all right.
Shiro's not out to kill us students.
And it's precisely because we're alive that Korosensei's attention is divided.
Even Hara-san might look like she's in trouble,
but Itona's attacks won't be aimed at her.
It's like I told Terasaka:
he'll hit you with a tentacle hard enough to knock you out,
but that's as fast and as powerful as it'll get, so hold on for dear life.
You held up well!
All right, Itona, give him another.
Terasaka's still wearing his shirt from yesterday.
Which means it got a direct hit at point-blank range
from whatever was in that weird spray.
That's sure to have an effect on Itona.
So, with that opening in his defenses...
our octopus has a chance to rescue Hara-san.
Yoshida! Muramatsu!
Gimme a real big one!
Seriously?
Sheesh.
His weak points are the same as Korosensei's, right?
So all we have to do is give him a taste of his own medicine.
You've absorbed a lot, I see.
Your advantage is dwindling.
So what now?
We don't want you to claim the prize money, for one.
Plus, your plans almost got us all killed,
and Terasaka got all beat up in the process.
If you want to keep going,
we're gonna have a hardcore splash party.
Well, you got us.
We withdraw.
If we were to slaughter all these children,
who knows how his antimatter organs would run amok.
Let's go, Itona.
Well? Didn't you have fun with everyone?
Why not join us for real this time?
Itona.
We managed to drive 'em off.
Good thing we saved your life, eh, Korosensei?
Oh, I certainly appreciate it.
I still had some tricks up my sleeve, though.
That reminds me, Terasaka-kun...
You said some harsh things about me back there, as I recall.
So I'm heavy, am I? Fat?
I-I was just objectively analyzin' the situation at hand!
Keep your excuses!
I'll show you what an assassin-trained "fatty" can do!
You really are tactless, Terasaka.
No wonder you let people take advantage of you.
Shut it, Karma!
You don't get to sit up there talkin' down at me!
What?
Is this how you treat your boss?
My boss? Ha!
What kind of boss would make someone take a tentacle on the chin?
For a world-class slacker, you sure scored a sweet part in all this!
I was just thinking the same thing.
Why not take this chance to sling a little mud?
Hey! Stop it!
Terasaka-kun's not cut out for putting together plans from on high.
His strengths come through where he's out in the field.
He makes himself and others shine with his physical might and the ability to get things done.
I look forward to seeing him grow into an action-squad assassin.
Terasaka-kun's pretty violent, but he's adjusted well to our class.
We didn't show it, but Karma and I— all of us, really—were pretty happy about that.
So happy that we all overlooked it.
Bigger than water: Korosensei's greatest weak point of all.
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Kataoka-san, let's go over the basics of the front crawl.
For the flutter kick, start the movement from your hip joint, and kick with your knee extended.
As for the arm, start the sweep with your palm facing slightly outward.
After pushing the water down all the way, rotate your shoulder to return your arm to the front.
Episode Finals Time
Next time on Assassination Classroom: Finals Time.